Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to store the package we need in order to compress the video.
Okay, not to do this.
Head up to your pop dot dev.
Then over here, you're going to search for video compress.
Okay.
And you can see what it does.
Light Library for video manipulation of water compress video, remove audio.
Get video thumbnail.
From that code.
You can see what it does.
Okay, we can just click on this.
And now we can copy the code and then head up to our visa code.
And then.
Paul.
The dev.
So I think was vague that that.
Yeah, I.
Okay.
And we're gonna need to paste this right after the video player.
So you can see this package.
You.
We don't only use it for compressing the video as well.
We can use it to get some nails from.
A video.
Okay.
So what we can do is to use control.
Okay, Control.
And you see this fight or click on this in order to get the package.
The key case is getting the package.
Okay.
The system is.
Restart your vehicle in order to make that change.
Okay.
Or make sure it picks the change.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.